# Twitch Auto Clipper

### Automatically generate clips for [Twitch.tv](https://www.twitch.tv/) channels based on spikes in chat activity.
Aggrecating clips on twitch manually requires a lot of watchtime and has several points of weakness. Nobody can monitor twitch channels for clippable moments at all times and across multiple channels that may be streaming simultaneously. And relying on clips generated by chat clippers that propogate via social media can miss a lot of great moments and causes an aggregator to miss out on being first to the clip. 

This locally run python script will automatically listen to chat activity on any number of twitch channels and automatically generate a clip when it detects a spike in chat activity. Allowing clippers to generate a list of clips hands-off and review them later.

## Installation pre-requisites
 - Python 3.9 (specific version is important!).
 - Python 3.9 venv.
 - A Twitch Dev account.

## Setup
1. Clone this directory.
2. Setup a new twitch dev app in your dev console. Setup a OAuth redirect URI for `http://localhost:17563`.
3. Visit the below URL (replacing the placeholder with your twitch apps client id) and copy down the *access_token* from the URL it redirects you to:
`https://id.twitch.tv/oauth2/authorize
    ?response_type=token
    &client_id=[YOUR_CLIENT_ID]
    &redirect_uri=http://localhost:17563/
    &scope=clips%3Aedit+user%3Aread%3Achat+user%3Awrite%3Achat`
4. In the cloned repo create a .env file in the root directory. Add the following (replacing client:
`APP_ID="[your_twitch_app_client_id]"
APP_SECRET="[your_twitch_app_secret]"
USER_TOKEN="[the_access_token_from_the_step_above]"`
5. Load the included .venv (due to expired package usage you must use the one provided)
`source .venv/bin/activate`
6. Set the channels you want to target inside the `target_channel.txt` file. You can sort channels into categories using `//CATEGORY_NAME` above a list of channels.
7. Run `python3 run.py` inside the venv to start the script. Your browser will open with an OAuth authorization and then the script will start running.
